If you live anywhere in the world that

can trade the New York session, then

please watch this video. The strategy

I'm going to be showing you guys is like

taking candy from a baby, and it happens

almost every single day. I think

literally every single trading day this

week this exact system played out at the

exact same time. I've taught this exact

same strategy to brand new traders. Here

are just a few results from today, guys.

Okay, I'm not even cherry-picking. This

is from my live chat in the Discord

today. People getting payouts left and

right using this model because it is

mechanical. Now, unlike these other fake

YouTube gurus that don't even trade

live, I'm going to actually show you

guys real examples I took on stream

using the strategy just to give you guys

a better idea of what this will look

like. So, I actually did not trade today

because it was Friday. Um I did tape

read this trade. I said this would

probably play out, which obviously it

did because the strategy is too

powerful. But, let us go to yesterday,

okay? Okay, so let's break this down

step by step. So, I only trade one

session, which is the New York session,

okay? I personally trade New York

session. That's what my students trade

as well. And honestly, guys, I would

recommend only trading one session at

market open, okay? So, at 9:30 a.m.

Eastern. So, what we're doing before

market opens at 9:30 is we're marking

out our draws on liquidity. Do we have

any clear and obvious draws on liquidity

that we are heading towards? So, a draw

on liquidity is just a level that price

wants to see. So, I see we have this

high all the way up here. We also have

this equal high here as well. An equal

high is one of my favorite draws on

liquidity. We also have this external

low all the way down to the left here.

So, that is all we are doing. We are

marking out our draws on liquidity. Do

we know what price is going to do yet?

Absolutely not. And also, we are going

to mark out our fair value gaps. Now,

I'm a big advocate for trading higher

time frame fair value gaps, otherwise

known as higher time frame delivery.

Meaning, even though I'm looking for an

entry on a 1 to 3-minute time frame, I

want to see price delivering from a

higher time frame fair value gap. I'm

going to turn on the Manipulation X

indicator. If you guys didn't know, I've

coded this entire strategy into its own

indicator. So, I'm going to turn on the

1-hour and the 15-minute fair value

gaps. You guys do not need to use my

indicator for doing this. It just saves

me time. So, step number one, we're

waiting for New York session to open.

Number two, we're marking out our draws

on liquidity and our 15-minute, okay,

15-minute and 1-hour fair value gaps.

This is for our delivery. So, I can see

here on my chart that we had swept this

most internal low during pre-market and

we are holding a 15-minute bullish fair

value gap. On the other side of the

spectrum, we are also rejecting from

this 15-minute bearish fair value gap.

So, guys, I don't want to enter any sort

of short positions into this bullish

gap, but I also don't want to enter any

sort of long positions into this bearish

gap. Ideally, guys, for an A+ setup what

I'm looking at now would be a sweep of

this external liquidity into this

untapped 1-hour fair value gap. This

would be my ideal scenario, but as you

guys know, trading is not always ideal

scenarios. We have to adapt. So, this

gives me a very generic idea of what I

am looking for, okay? As long as we are

holding this 15-minute bullish gap, we

could potentially see higher. As long as

we are holding this 15-minute bearish

gap, we can potentially see lower. At

this point in time, because we have

taken out this external low and we are

delivering from a 15-minute bullish gap

with these draws on liquidity higher and

we are in an uptrend, I would rather

look for long positions. Again, doesn't

mean I will 100% take a long position,

but I'd rather look for long positions.

If you guys are still watching this

video, pay attention. This is where

things get good. Also, guys, if you want

to trade this exact strategy live with

me every single morning, Monday through

Friday at 9:30 a.m. Eastern, then make

sure to click the first link in the

description below. Unlike every other

trading educator on YouTube, I actually

practice what I preach. I'm actually

trading live every single day. Step

number three is going to be our entry

model, which is going to be an inverse

fair value gap or an IFVG. So, I'm

always trading on a 1-minute time frame

at least to start to look for these

IFVGs. I also forgot to mention, but I

do not trade the first 5 minutes of

market open. I need to let that initial

manipulation move play out. We are about

5 minutes into market open. What else do

you guys notice here? We have all of

this engineered liquidity. You guys see

all these highs here, okay? These are

engineered highs, okay? The market

makers, the algorithms, they

purposefully engineer all of these sort

of equal highs or trend line liquidity

in order for them to pick up more orders

down here and eventually run these highs

towards our external draws on liquidity.

So, take note of this formation, guys.

We have 9:30 market opens, we manipulate

lower, okay, inside of a higher time

frame bullish fair value gap, and we

have all of these highs above us, okay?

So, at this point in time in the

Discord, I said, "Guys, I'm looking for

a long position as soon as I see an

inverse fair value gap." So, we're going

to let price play out, and you can see

here we did not get our entry model.

There was no bearish fair value gap for

us to inverse. And guys, this is

something very, very important that I

want you guys to take note of. These

steps right here is my New York session

trading system. However, there's a few

other things I add to push this from

like a 65% to 70% win rate all the way

up to a 75% 80% win rate for a true A+

setup. This is incorporating something

called an SMT divergence, okay? This is

something I've also coded into the

Manipulation X indicator, so this will

also be down in the description below if

you guys are interested, okay? An SMT

divergence is one of the most powerful

confluences you can have when you are

day trading Nasdaq. If we take a

side-by-side look at the S&P 500,

because Nasdaq and the S&P 500 are

correlated assets, what do you notice

here on ES from this low, which is this

low right here on Nasdaq, to this low

right here at 9:42? You see how ES ended

up taking out this low, okay? Took out

the 8:30 a.m. low. Whereas on NQ, price

did not take out this low. From the same

exact starting point, ES ended up taking

out this low, creating a swing failure

pattern, whereas Nasdaq did not. Nasdaq

actually created a higher low. So, we

would call this discrepancy between

these two correlated assets a bullish

SMT divergence. Whenever I have this

formation here, where price is

delivering from a 15-minute fair value

gap, we have draws on liquidity higher

after that initial market open

manipulation, and we have an SMT

divergence, this is a textbook textbook

trade. So, we are going to let the price

play out.

And boom, there is our inverse fair

value gap on this candle right here, and

this was our entry inside of the Discord

with our stop loss below the previous

candle body. Break even at this most

internal structure high, and guys, we

were just targeting this external draw

for the full TP on this trade with a

very small partial right here as well.

So, take note of the setup, guys. We

have New York session open, price

manipulates lower. Think about logically

what's happening here during this move

down, okay? We got rid of the early

buyers who just randomly entered a long.

We waited for price to tap into this

15-minute gap and create a bullish SMT

with ES. This is our manipulation leg

right here, meaning we took out all of

the retail buyers, right? Cuz they're

putting their stop losses below this

low. So, we take out all the retail, we

immediately reverse it on them, gives us

our inverse fair value gap, which is our

entry model within a few candles. Really

nice displacement candle here, lots of

bullish momentum. Very clear break even,

draws liquidity higher. This is an A+

setup, guys. Literally within a few

minutes, guys, we were done for the day.

That's it. Okay, let's go to the day

before, which was Wednesday, June 10th.

Now, before we get into this, guys, make

sure to leave a like if you guys are

finding value. So, we have Wednesday,

same exact sort of setup here. So,

market opens right at 9:30. What do we

do at market open? Well, we open low

into a 15-minute bullish fair value gap,

okay? So, this is our fair value gap,

and we also have some equal highs here

as well. Same exact setup as Thursday,

guys, right? Perfect equal high, we're

delivering from a 15-minute, we have

that 9:30 open low, and watch what

happens here, guys, okay? We're waiting,

and boom, instant V-shape reversal. We

have a very small 1-minute, actually on

the 30-second it was a little bit more

visible, so we had a very small

30-second, which isn't ideal. Normally,

I like to take those very obvious

V-shape inversions, but this was also a

valid long position here on this

30-second. Stop loss below this

displacement candle low, break even at

this equal high, and I'm just going to

target this external high as my full TP

for a 1.5 RR, and again, done within a

few minutes. Okay, let's go to the day

before that. Okay, so here we have

Tuesday. Okay, so the market opens low.

We have bullish SMTs. We're still within

5 minutes of market open, so I didn't

personally take this long position. We

didn't have any sort of higher time

frame delivery on this trade in

particular. Now, watch what happens here

as we approach that 9:50 10:00 a.m.

window. We manipulate all of these highs

right here, okay? And check this out,

guys. On a daily time frame, we are

inside of a daily bearish fair value

gap. So, I also like to look at the

daily fair value gaps, meaning we have

bearish delivery on this trade here. And

what did I say at the beginning of this

video? You never want to look for longs

inside of a bearish fair value gap or

look for shorts inside of a a bullish

fair value gap. And take a look at all

of this trendline liquidity we are now

building to the downside. We even have

this relative equal low here as well.

So, all I was watching for on this day

was a 5-minute inverse fair value gap

because that was the highest time frame

inverse on the leg. So, whenever I have,

let's say, a 2-minute, a 3-minute, and a

5-minute bullish fair value gap, I

always wait for the highest time frame

fair value gap in that manipulation leg

up to get inverse before going short.

So, this is where we entered the short

position inside of the live as soon as

we got that V-shape closing back below

that bullish fair value gap, telling us

that, "Hey, order flow has shifted from

bullish to bearish." And look at the

time, guys. Right inside of that 9:50

macro window, when we can expect some

sort of reversal or some volume to come

into the market. And we were targeting

the London low as the full TP. Check

this one out, guys. Boom, instant TP,

and this one ran even further as well.

So, remember the rules from the

beginning of the video, okay? New York

session, 9:30 a.m. Eastern, you're going

to mark out your clear draws on

liquidity, such as equal lows, trend

line liquidity, etc. You're also going

to mark out your higher time frame fair

value gaps, so your 15-minute, your

1-hour. You can even look at the 4-hour

and daily as well. Wait for one side of

the market to get manipulated during the

first 10 to 20 minutes, then look for a

V-shaped IFEG and SMT divergence for

more confluence is great as well, and

enter the trade targeting your DOL. It

is that simple, guys. We can continue to

go back as far as you guys want, and I

will show you the same exact setup

playing like almost every single day.

Let's go to Monday. Same exact thing,

guys, okay? So, Monday opens. What do we

do when market opens, okay? We dump

lower right into our higher time frame

delivery. So, this is our 1-hour and a

15-minute bullish gap, and we have all

of these equal highs above, all this

trend line liquidity, whatever you want

to call it. Right at 10:00 a.m., guys,

look at the time on this one, okay?

Right at 10:00 a.m., we tag into this

higher time frame fair value gap. We

sweep this external low. No bullish SMT,

but guys, check this out. We have equal

highs above. I mean, just textbook

setup, V-shaped inversion. Our indicator

alerted this one as well. Let price play

out

and break even, and then TP. Doesn't get

much easier than that, guys. We can even

go to today as well, okay? So, market

opens low. We fail this bearish fair

value gap here, so no inverse. If we did

get an inverse here, this would be a

long position I would try to take, but

there was no inverse fair value gap

here, so no trade. We reject this level,

come all the way down taking out the

London low. We sweep London low right

into that 10:00 a.m. macro. Right, look

at the time, right? 9:40 a.m. Starting

to go up, still rejecting, wait for one

more candle. There is the candle closure

above this bearish fair value gap right

at 10:00 a.m., right? So, look when we

get this reversal, guys, right into that

10:00 a.m. macro. Tons of volume behind

this candle, very clear break even

target right here, and we have equal

highs all the way up here that we can

target as our take profit as well. And

probably a TP one on this one into a

break even trade. What I'm trying to

show you guys is that a strategy rarely

loses. If you actually know what to look

for, if you're waiting for that first

initial manipulation move to happen, you

have a clear draw on liquidity, you have

higher time frame delivery, you have a

V-shaped inversion. I mean, guys, this

plays out like almost every day. Every

single day this week I've showed you

guys. This is from this week. I'm not

going back. I'm not cherry-picking data.

This is, you know, from today, from

yesterday, from the day before, trades

we've actually taken on stream. I'm

telling you, if you guys can actually

just implement this, once you start

reading the market like this, you will

never go back to any other trade system.

My risk reward is not the highest. I'm

not claiming I hit 1:5, 1:10 risk reward

trades. I mainly go for base hit trades,

but I have a 70% plus win rate because

I'm waiting for all of these confluences

to line up. So, that's my entire

checklist. This is my entire strategy

given to you guys for free. Most of you

guys are like 90% there in your trading.

You see other people making consistent

profits online trading. You know it's

legit. You're just missing that last

10%. Then, I got you guys, okay? The

missing piece might be your trading

strategy, but it's probably not. It's

probably the way you're going about

trading prop firms. I have developed an

entire A-through-Z prop firm system that

is scaling brand new traders from zero

to 5K plus per month in the span of one

singular month. I can almost guarantee

there's no one else on YouTube that has

the system as dialed as I do, to the

point where you can pass evals within a

few days, get funded, and start getting

real payouts within the next few weeks.

Now, obviously, this is a strategy that

I use when I trade prop firms, but

there's an entire system behind it. If

you guys are interested in that, I'm

going to leave the link to the pro group

down in the description below. Not only

do I go live with you guys every single

morning, Monday through Friday, to trade

alongside you, so I'm not just telling

you what to do. I'm actually showing you

guys in real time. I also will give you

my A-through-Z prop firm scaling guide,

which is super clutch. I know for a fact

that's what most of you guys who are

watching this are missing. So, if you're

serious about taking your trading to the

next level, I'll leave that down in the

description below. But, that's going to

be it for this video, guys. Ton of sauce

this one, guys. Make sure to hit that

subscribe button, as well. That's going

to do it for me. I'll see you guys next

video.


